Great. , hi everyone. , sorry,
Carson, I said you would start up. ,
first, can you hear me? Well, please let
me know. , write in chat.
,
all right. Great. , okay, cool. So,
hello everyone. , today I'm going to
present a few caps.  as many as
present a few caps. as many as
time permits
and  I have three total and  all of
and I have three total and all of
them were kind of spawned from Le's
proposal
that was linked to one of the caps
and the idea behind the proposal was
about extending
our capabilities for the classic star
account or G accounts
and  the idea behind it was to
and the idea behind it was to
add a capability for IG account to have
a set of contract signers. So one
contract signer and if you have a
contract signer you can really have
arbitrary authentication logic with
arbitrary policies and stuff like that.
but in addition to that you could
also you could also add a capability to
manage trust veins for example from
soraban
which  closes even more feature gaps
which closes even more feature gaps
because  this proposal as it is  it
because this proposal as it is it
won't be possible to use this C
standards outside of Soraban because
we currently do not provide a way to
run contracts outside of the transaction
apply for
with that like
Jay is not hearing me.  I don't know
Jay is not hearing me. I don't know
Jay seems like people still hear me.
so  that that's kind of high level
so that that's kind of high level
motivation  behind that.  but I'd
motivation behind that. but I'd
like to actually start with  cap 71
like to actually start with cap 71
which is something I figured while
thinking about how this whole GI account
customization thing could be implemented
and this cap is about adding protocol
level support for delegating
authentication between custom accounts.
Yeah, thanks Marius. It's actually not a
new mic. It's just Discord settings.
which is funny. So Cap 71  and
which is funny. So Cap 71 and
motivation for that  stems from
motivation for that stems from
several different issues.
and  basically currently what is
and basically currently what is
possible to do in Soroban what some of
you may know  there is this require O
you may know there is this require O
function that requires authentication
authorization from an address and this
function can actually be called from
within a custom account check O function
that performs as well. So this is kind
of the current way of delegating not. So
you have an account but instead of
verifying some signature you say  I
verifying some signature you say I
try this other contract to perform
verification for me and this has some
benefits for modular  custom accounts
benefits for modular custom accounts
and it is like a cornerstone of this
proposal for G accounts to have C
signers because  it's effectively the
signers because it's effectively the
same kind of delegation right so instead
of having a cryptographic signature for
a G account we say you don't actually
know what the signature is we let a
contract to perform
verification instead on its custom
signature format.
But  this mechanism while it kind of
But this mechanism while it kind of
works  it was not like built as a
works it was not like built as a
full-fledged feature in the protocol.
It's just a byproduct of the design.
Design allows it. That's not visible out
because there's no reason to dissolve
but just kind of inconvenient to use and
also not optimal to use. The
inconvenience factor lies mostly in
simulation.  so if anyone has tried
simulation. so if anyone has tried
it, they would quickly learn that you
cannot simply simulate this.
currently you need to build
for for the delegated contract call you
need to build its own signature payload.
which is kind of tricky and  this
which is kind of tricky and this
could in theory be fixed the simulation
where although it might be a bit
complicated as well.
but yeah it would still be kind of
annoying because you would need to  do
annoying because you would need to do
several simulations and all kind of
propagating more and more authentication
information into the system.  and
information into the system. and
yeah, I think it is still kind of
annoying. But in terms of  optimality
annoying. But in terms of optimality
as well
there is quite a bit of duplication
here
because like you spawn new authorization
entries like  for example if you have
entries like for example if you have
two accounts and one delegates
authentication to another one then you
would end up with two  authorization
would end up with two authorization
entries in transaction that increases
transaction size
and increases complexity for building
it and the tipping point for me for why
I came up with cap is the context like
the some of the proposals that I've seen
for the delegation for custom accounts
maybe do not use context much but if we
were to do this for the G accounts we do
not want to lose the authorization
context which is basically the list of
the
contract codes that have been authorized
And the issue with the approach of
calling require O from within check O is
that  you could pass context to the
that you could pass context to the
require O call but it would not look the
same as the normal context that you
would have during normal authorization
which means that for example let's say
you have a an account implementation
that does something about the context
you cannot simply use it as a
delegated banner of a G account for
example because the context will be kind
of in messy nested form like it will be
an argument of a call instead of a list
of the call. So it is kind of messy and
I think  it is  going to be quite
I think it is going to be quite
annoying to maintain this mess in the
protocol like it creates some
inconsistency between like how different
types of  contract signers can be
types of contract signers can be
used.  which is basically the
used. which is basically the
motivation for this but it also solves
the issues I've described before. Oh
yeah, and  also if you want to have
yeah, and also if you want to have
the context  you will need to attach
the context you will need to attach
it to to the transaction as well which
is like even more duplication on top of
it. But you have like besides like
specifying multiple authorization
entries for every address, you would
need to specify like the whole call
stack as well for every address but in
different forms.  and it's a lot of
different forms. and it's a lot of
mess.
so what do I propose to do about this?
it is actually not that big of a
change and  it consists  of
change and it consists of
basically two parts.  one part of it
basically two parts. one part of it
is on the XDR side as can be seen in the
cap. And what we do in the XDR is we
introduce a new type of  credentials
introduce a new type of credentials
which is  basically this part of the
which is basically this part of the
authorization entry that contains
signatures and stuff like that. And the
credentials are pretty much same as
robban credential of address.  but
robban credential of address. but
they have an additional field called
delegates. And each delegate is  just
delegates. And each delegate is just
a strct that contains an address and a
signature C value which can be an
arbitrary value for one can parse. And
it also has a list of nested delegates.
in case if you call delegated
accounts from within delegated account
and the cool thing about this exr is
that  you may have a single
that you may have a single
authorization entry
that has as many delegated signers as
you need. So there is no duplication at
all like there is only necessary
information.
So in the simplest case for example
right we have an account that asks
another contract to perform us on its
behalf
and  this will be represented as a
and this will be represented as a
single authorization entry that has the
main account that we are performing O
for  in the credentials at the top
for in the credentials at the top
level and the contract that actually
performs O and delegates array and we
only store its address and
its signature.
and this structure is very simple and
like if you get a result from this
like it's usually up to you to fill in
the credentials anyway. So if you are
dealing with delegation as a wallet,
what you need to do is just build this
new type of credentials.
it should be pretty simple like it's
only a couple fields more than you
would need to fill for normal or entry
and there is no like this messy
propagating the  O data  into
propagating the O data into
simulation and stuff like that is
basically
kind of a way to do multi-IG but instead
of doing multiple signatures you have
multiple like sign implementations on
the high
and  there is one more small change
and there is one more small change
which I will talk about a little bit
later.  and from the host side we add
later. and from the host side we add
two functions  that actually allow
two functions that actually allow
contracts to interact with the delegated
signers. The main function is delegate
count O  which is very similar to
count O which is very similar to
require O.  but  it can only be
require O. but it can only be
called from within a custom account
from within check O reserve function.
and it doesn't take any arguments. And
what this does is  something similar
what this does is something similar
to referrals, but  instead of like
to referrals, but instead of like
just authorizing the current  call
just authorizing the current call
arguments and current call, instead it
will  inherit the  context and the
will inherit the context and the
signature payload from the current check
implement from the current checkos
invocation.
So basically you have a check off and
then you have another contract that you
want to perform checkos for you and that
other contract will get exactly the same
check arguments and its own signature.
which is really cool. It allows like
all the delegate centers to sign the
same payload basically and have the same
context. So there is no messes like this
nested context in argument and stuff
like that. So for every contract it
would look like as if they were
authorizing the call themselves
while in fact they're doing this on
someone else's behinders
[Music]
present for the current cost check.
And the motivation behind this function
is simply that  if you were to use
is simply that if you were to use
this feature  you would have an issue
this feature you would have an issue
of  somehow attaching this
of somehow attaching this
delegated signers to your signature
payload.  like you would need to list
payload. like you would need to list
some signatures or something like that.
And  like since  I would imagine
And like since I would imagine
a few contracts would want to use this
and it's kind of annoying that everyone
needs to reimplement this and come with
their own UDS and stuff like that and in
since we already have the delegated XDR
we just add a getter that returns
this delegated attached to the
transaction and matched to the current.
So you can get them then you can make
sure that they are actually the centers
for the account and then you call deate
account on for them. So there is no need
for some bespoke representation of this
deate center. They're kind of
building feature that you may use and
you don't need any  data structure or
you don't need any data structure or
app. And again, this reduces duplication
even further because like if you fully
delegate your O to another account, you
do not need the signature for your main
account.
All right, that's  it on the high
All right, that's it on the high
level for the host functions.  the cap
level for the host functions. the cap
has a bit more detailed description of
the exact algorithm or how does it work
but  I think the simple summary if it
but I think the simple summary if it
is really that it is require that just
make sure that the arguments look as
if  you've been  authorizing the
if you've been authorizing the
require  call at the top level
require call at the top level
and the last small thing that I've
mentioned before in the XDR  is that
mentioned before in the XDR is that
unfortunately we need a new type of
signature payload which I think is like
the main downside with this approach and
the motivation for this is that
the current payload that you need to
sign to for thoraban
is  it does not contain the address
is it does not contain the address
for which you're signing this payload
and in the current O framework it makes
sense  because  it is implicitly
sense because it is implicitly
tied to the address  so address is
tied to the address so address is
signed but it is signed in a different
part of the payload but with a
delegation like you need to explicitly
sign for the address  that is a top
sign for the address that is a top
level address that delegates
everything.
So basically without that  this whole
So basically without that this whole
thing would be insecure. So  that's
thing would be insecure. So that's
kind of the annoying divergence between
like the different credential types.
I think while it is definitely a
downside it's probably not as big
because it is it has one to one mapping
to the credential
right. So if you do not support delegate
credentials, you don't need to worry
about this. If you do support delegate
about this. But  the criteria for
about this. But the criteria for
picking the right signature, it's
pretty straightforward.
again  camp has more context on
again camp has more context on
this  issue.
this issue.
yeah, so I think it is
more or less it at the high level.
cap also has a proposed simulation flow
which is kind of universal for any world
that wants to use delegated accounts.
Sorry J accounts are this you can do
this for J accounts but there are some
custom accounts implementation around
that but also delegated account which I
know there could be like know Zeppelin
has been working on something similar
and I know has experimented with this
for a while but you know if you like
a lot of convenience and to link your
well also simplifying and optimizing the
transactions
Right.
we'll cap the trail for Yeah, we will
get to  cap stream later but
get to cap stream later but
probably answer is yes
questions.
, so any questions?
No designers to send G transactions.
that's cap 72 and  not yet
that's cap 72 and not yet
but it is a step forward in that
direction right
if we ever allow CERS to sign
transactions and G accounts with C
signers will also be able to do that
that's again we can talk about this a
bit later
yeah, it is definitely stack
or
more interoperability between GNC
accounts in general.
I I know that Lee had some concerns
about Cap 71 specifically in terms of
like
about yet another protocol feature.
and I do not disagree that it could
partially result with simulation but as
I've mentioned before I think doing this
at protocol level
very beneficial especially if you go
ahead with cap 72 and does not only like
improves ax but it also simplifies the
transactions which is not something that
simulation would allow us to solve.
I see is there no question for please
feel free
to chime in  the discussion thread if
to chime in the discussion thread if
you come up with something
yeah  I think that let's go to cap 72
yeah I think that let's go to cap 72
because I can see that folks are excited
about it. So again 71
71 is kind of what I think is a
prerequisite to 72 just to make it kind
of not happy out of the box.
So cap 72 is about the mentioning
contract signers for scar account for T
account
and  motivation this gap  it's
and motivation this gap it's
this in the original discussion as well
but  basically
but basically
well to allow you to do  difference
well to allow you to do difference
in this existing CH account because G
accounts still have
quite a bit of adoption rate and
this allow  to extend their
this allow to extend their
functionality arbitrarily.
it can be new ways to sign  for
it can be new ways to sign for
operation.
It may be  a way to implement new
It may be a way to implement new
policies and stuff like that.  it is
policies and stuff like that. it is
really very open-ended.  I think there
really very open-ended. I think there
is a lot of demand for passes. It is a
pretty hot topic and an argument can be
made that maybe you can
you can support this natively as center.
this is not the part of CAT 72 but
I don't know I'd like to gauge some
interest maybe another discussion can be
started if someone thinks strongly that
has to be a feature on a G account. Now
of course if in the future we support
signing for transactions with C account
this will become a nonissue because you
will be able to do anything with a C
signer that you can do today with a
normal T account.
so well yeah I don't want to spend
much time on on motivation here but I
think it is pretty significant factor
like the ability to u modify the
account  like
account like
a lot of things to do this.
so what do we do for this?  the first
so what do we do for this? the first
thing that we do is we add a new ser
type  that is stored in the account
type that is stored in the account
entry in a similar fashion as any other
sign
and  it is called the dated serer
and it is called the dated serer
which is basically  how it's it
which is basically how it's it
connects to cap 71 right it's also
delegation
because unlike u the cryptographic
centers for example that exist
Now they're just  public keys.  get
Now they're just public keys. get
it center is a contract that  defines
it center is a contract that defines
its own  logic with its own
its own logic with its own
cryptography and stuff.
the every signer has its own weight
in the same fashion as normal planners
have weight.
but the caveat for now at least is that
logated centers can only be used in the
smart contract environment because well
they are contracts. You cannot run
contracts   outside of smart
contracts outside of smart
contract m environment just yet.
so unfortunately you will not be able to
use the seat sign to sign the whole
transaction.
but we can do anything in carbon and
signing the transaction
will work if we ever support signing
the transaction with a C account as
well. So basically if we support running
the contracts  transaction validation
the contracts transaction validation
time which I'm not saying it's
necessarily going to happen but it's
definitely something we are thinking
about.
again B I'm sorry about that.
okay so besides that what we do is
that since modifications is a
sorryation since  operations  the C
sorryation since operations the C
accounts can only happen.
But one notable use case  we
But one notable use case we
been thinking about  has something
been thinking about has something
to do with various account recovery
flows right with using
pass key or there are other custom
logic to for example recover the
account.
this use case needs an ability to modify
G account  from Turaban.
G account from Turaban.
and  we provide this  ability this
and we provide this ability this
new type of built-in contract  which I
new type of built-in contract which I
coined as GAC G account contract and
unlike
terror asset contract stack  which has
terror asset contract stack which has
to be explicitly instantiated
GAC
is implicitly it implicitly exists for
any G account on chain not need to do
anything to interact with it  from
anything to interact with it from
Soraban  you will be able just
Soraban you will be able just
starting from a new protocol to call
contract functions on a G account
just really convenient and  it is well
just really convenient and it is well
overhead solution in terms of storage
okay so that's kind of a high level
overview  now go into a bit of detail.
overview now go into a bit of detail.
so in terms of the standard changes
as I've mentioned it's very
straightforward. We just extend the
existing ser  set of signers for the G
existing ser set of signers for the G
accounts and we just them in the G
account.  they're not supported in
account. they're not supported in
some  more exotic context like  in
some more exotic context like in
some operations and stuff like that but
that's a minor detail
and then  the GE account interface as
and then the GE account interface as
well  specified in the cap and  it
well specified in the cap and it
is still up to debate  the cap as it
is still up to debate the cap as it
is proposes to
add an ability to add any
type of address as a delegated signer
which might create some ambiguity
like G account is a delegated center of
a G account
but it's like G account itself is a
public key  so we have kind of the
public key so we have kind of the
same identifier that may be in two
different context and it may may not
cause some issues and confusion
downstream.
So,  it is still up to debate.
So, it is still up to debate.
like if you decide to not go with
delegated G accounts, the contract
interface may be simplified a bit.  to
interface may be simplified a bit. to
manage signers just based on the address
type, G signers would be always
cryptographic signers for example and C
accounted signers.  that would slim
accounted signers. that would slim
down the interface a little bit. But
anyways,  the current proposal is just
anyways, the current proposal is just
to have a pair of functions to modify a
weight for a  ED 25  signer or
weight for a ED 25 signer or
remove it. Then the same pair of
functions to  modify weight for
functions to modify weight for
delegated signer or remove it.
and then two functions that just
manipulate the weights of the account.
It's not like strictly necessary but
this seem like a logical thing to have
if you provide  the basic account
if you provide the basic account
management capabilities anyway. So just
allow to modify the master weight and
update the thresholds  for the
update the thresholds for the
account.
so these are just for completeness
and not strictly necessary.
so  for the classic transactions as I
so for the classic transactions as I
mentioned  the derated sus will not be
mentioned the derated sus will not be
supported at the moment.  so
supported at the moment. so
transactions that try to use them
they will be rejected and there's not
not even a way to kind of provide a
signature for a delegated
but for the smart contracts themselves
we extend the building functionality
that performs authentication for the G
account
and this extension leverages 71 one
where we would  call the functions
where we would call the functions
behind there which will enumerate all
the delegated signers existing  in the
the delegated signers existing in the
current context and we will call this
new Jate account of house function for
them and we'll obviously use the  XDR
them and we'll obviously use the XDR
format for the payload defined in cap 71
so it's directly benefits from it
And  another caveat is that  current
And another caveat is that current
management operations that in this cap u
are  they must have a high signature
are they must have a high signature
threshold to match the semantics of the
set options operation. So it is
something new that we do.  previously
something new that we do. previously
we always used medium threshold for all
the rob operations to all  G accounts.
the rob operations to all G accounts.
So that's a small change to use high
threshold for the account management
operation.
And I guess the  only somewhat tricky
And I guess the only somewhat tricky
part about the implementation of the G
account contract itself is that  we
account contract itself is that we
kind of do something new for Sorban.
Here we had a way to manage classic
entries  from Sorban.  not not just
entries from Sorban. not not just
manage them but  add or remove new
manage them but add or remove new
entries which hasn't happened before
right before the only thing we did with
classic was we update the trust in
balances for the account balances
now with this cap we will also modify
subentry count this sub entry count
which affects the page reserve for the
account and if we remove a signer we
also might need to remove a sponsorship
from this signer
This is all like perfectly reasonable to
do on this robust side. It is  a bit
do on this robust side. It is a bit
of work to kind of properly maintain the
variance.  but  on the high level,
variance. but on the high level,
yeah, I guess the main concern here is
that
account has to authorize its
modification and it obviously does that
by authorizing the G account contract
function itself. So on any call with I
said you need to provide a signature
that matches the highway threshold and
besides like performing the modification
as well also authorizes modification of
the accounts reserve and sub entries.
the only difference between this and
classic is really that you cannot create
new  sub entries using some
new sub entries using some
sponsorship because there's not even a
way of setting up sponsorship.
So  if you want to manipulate a G
So if you want to manipulate a G
account with GAC, you need to have
enough base reserve. You cannot use
someone else's sponsorship.  which I
someone else's sponsorship. which I
think is generally
fine and
someone wants to sponsor a G account
they can do that by for example
performing an XLM bundle with G account
modification or something like that.
yeah so I mentioned already that
every G account function performance
requires and it will require high
signature threshold
and  I think it is pretty much it for
and I think it is pretty much it for
the high level overview
of the cap.
I think yeah  I think I don't have
I think yeah I think I don't have
much else to talk about like from bit
more details in the camp but I don't
think there is anything too significant
and the main thing that not the main
thing but at least one thing that I'm
still not sure about is a final
interface like what we do with delegated
G account standards  but I think this
G account standards but I think this
can
he can offline especially since Lee is
not here and had some concerns about
representing stills and so on.
yeah
so any questions?
yeah, speaking of string keys, by the
way,
I do not think you will need string keys
like an E string key for this one. I I
hope at least. So you will just have a G
account and it can have a C signer. So
that's probably direction we'll end up
in. So  know your account time.
in. So know your account time.
yeah any question.
Okay.  I think I don't see any
Okay. I think I don't see any
questions for now.  it's going pretty
questions for now. it's going pretty
fast. Again, I would say like if anyone
has any thoughts or comments, please
feel free to chime in in the respective
camps.
And
Mat is typing something. I'll wait for a
few more seconds.
Okay. So, close from the cap. This has a
somewhat naterization
in selling balance of the account for
hasn't been for  so why this is the
hasn't been for so why this is the
case  this is the case because
case this is the case because
classic
when we create a new classic entry or
sub entry such as an account signer we
need to reserve base reserve from the
accounts that owns the entry. Okay.
best reserve being.5 XLM as of today.
Right. So it is not a strict withdrawal
of the fee, right? We not like in fe or
anything for that rate. It just
increases
just reduces your spendable XLM balance
on the account. It is just  like we
on the account. It is just like we
cannot bypass this mechanism, right? we
are doing the same things that we are
doing on classic based reserve  and
doing on classic based reserve and
just doing it from soran now  and I
just doing it from soran now and I
guess the only intuitive non intuitive
part about this is really that this
hasn't happened before but I feel like
it's not super offensively
counterintuitive
because when you authorize an account
operation you basically it is like a
high privilege operation anyway and you
acknowledge the consequence quences and
one of the consequences as well your
days reserve can be  increased on the
days reserve can be increased on the
account so you can spend less XLM now
it is the same as classic no way around
this  I looked into an alternative
this I looked into an alternative
where like extra standards could be
stored in the robite and then you would
need to pay rent for them it's not like
it removes the fees magically it just
moves fees in different direction but
automatically I'm not sure if the
approach other approach or is centers
and sorban is sources because
creates some new interactions in classic
st that  going to be kind of tricky to
st that going to be kind of tricky to
implement and maintain and are generally
much more invasive than what proposed in
this cap.
but yeah, if anyone is curious, they
may look up the history of the cap
because it's the first version that was
merged. All right.  I think we have
merged. All right. I think we have
like 20 more minutes. So why not go
through cap 73 while we at it?
And cap 73 really supports  cap 72 on
And cap 73 really supports cap 72 on
one hand to allows the accounts to sign
for the trust l creation but also in
general it just closes the feature gap
that has been there from the inception
of soraban and I think some people are
very well aware of it and
it happened I guess just in some flows
that do not involve from custom o or
anything.  and the the issue is
anything. and the the issue is
basically that when you're doing
contract operations in sorban you cannot
create new balances for  the G account
create new balances for the G account
and new balance being an account
entry itself for the XLM token
specifically and a trust line for any
other token
and  it is like not  completely
and it is like not completely
blocking usage of sack right for G
accounts.  you can ask the users to
accounts. you can ask the users to
set up the trust point first.  but
set up the trust point first. but
there are contexts where you may want to
do this programmatically. There is of
course a capstone 72 context. You may
want to use your C account logic to
manage your trust lines.
And  it also helps to kind of bundling
And it also helps to kind of bundling
this with some programmatic operations.
such as for example an example I I
saw recently from Tyler week.  with
saw recently from Tyler week. with
that you would be able to for example
create a new classic asset effectively
and create a distribution account
transfer asset to the distribution
account
distribute later to the users all in the
same transaction
which is pretty convenient.  so
which is pretty convenient. so
yeah I guess there are convenience
there is convenience factors there is a
factor of really closing the gap and
factor of being  more compatible with
factor of being more compatible with
C designers of J account with cap 72
that's the gist of the motivation
and  the way it works is via  two
and the way it works is via two
new functions  for this to asset
new functions for this to asset
contract.
these functions are change trust and
has trust and again the exact interface
is still a bit up to debate but  as it
is still a bit up to debate but as it
states now  the change trust function
states now the change trust function
operates in the same fashion as the
forget the name of the operation classic
the I think it's called change trust as
well in classic the operation
and what it does is basically  sets
and what it does is basically sets
a trust line limit for a given address.
if the limit is zero, then the trust
line is removed. If the limit is non
zero and the trust line hasn't been
there, then created and of course if it
is there it can be just modified.
the question is whether we need to
manage limit at all.  I did some
manage limit at all. I did some
analysis
among the trust lens that have been
active  during the  last year with
active during the last year with
98 plus% use
limit trust and limit over  one to the
limit trust and limit over one to the
power of 18 which basically represents
infinity.  but if anyone is aware of
infinity. but if anyone is aware of
any use cases for limits that are low
please let us know u because we might
get rid of it for the sake of simplicity
because  yeah it is not really obvious
because yeah it is not really obvious
if it's necessary and for this
programmatic manipulation of trust
twines. really  likely that only
twines. really likely that only
binary modifications would be possible
because if you need a non- infinite
transpoint limit, you're doing something
super specific probably and it seems
kind of weird that you would know that
the wants to do that. It seems really
unlikely.
And another function has trust just
checks if an address has a trust line.
And the purpose of this function is
really to
make for better programmability of trust
management because change trust
operation requires  authorization from
operation requires authorization from
the address that the trust lane belongs
to. And for example, you are performing
a DSD transfer to a new address, right?
And normally you would only need O from
the transfer source.  but if you
the transfer source. but if you
wanted to create a destination trust
lines then you would also need us from
the destination as well.
you cannot just unconditionally call
change trust to make sure that the trust
point exists. Maybe you could, but then
you know  you could make it so you
you know you could make it so you
don't need to require us if well it's
not verified is really  something up
not verified is really something up
to the further discussion how this
interface looks like. But anyways this
is the current proposal.
The h trust function really helps to
check if you actually need to call
change trust or not and thus whether you
need to require o from the  receiver
need to require o from the receiver
of the balance or not.  which is kind
of the balance or not. which is kind
of convenient and if you wanted to call
this from Z contract
similarly to cat 72 this modifies
base resource and again in the same vein
we we cannot avoid that because it's
classic semantics
and
we require authorization on the change
trust operation in same way of classic
so the base reserve modification ation
is  just yet another thing that you're
is just yet another thing that you're
authorizing by signing this u and it has
the same
downside of saying about it going
that sponsorships are not available. So
if you want to create a trust line, you
need to have sufficient excellent
balance for it.
And
for the excellent specifically there
are no trust lines and instead just
create a new account.
Then  an excellent transfer is
Then an excellent transfer is
performed to a G address that does not
exist yet. And this account will be
funded with this newly transfer balance.
the only caveat is that the minimum
transfer amount here is one XLM because
that's the minimum balance that H
account may have. If the balance is less
than one XLM the operation will fail as
it does today.  well it will fail with
it does today. well it will fail with
an error. So yeah XLM is arguably much
simpler because it does not require any
, and yeah, it just is very simple in
this sense.
, and yeah, I think that's pretty much
it on your head over that's a pretty
simple cap. , yeah, the only tricky
part about it is really handing down the
interface.  because yeah we could make
interface. because yeah we could make
it much simpler if you went for like
binary either zero or infinity trust
but we need some signal whether it is
too restricted or not. Okay question in
classic one of the reasons sponsorship
were added was to print accounts created
by wlets from being merged by Z party
for the base reserve. Is it a concern
for creating accounts on transfers of
sponsorships?
I am not sure I understand the question
create an account on transfer
why would you isn't that how it works
for
for classic as well like when you
create an account you
it's like an excellent transfer maybe I
could go to this page
I cannot if you're talking
I cannot
Oh no,
that's unfortunate.
yeah we can discuss this I think I am
still not sure I understand this maybe
it is some
bit of classic protocols that I'm not
aware of I want to count out on
currencies cap ,
well, technically the
Okay, I think it's technically the
transpoint part and XLM part are kind of
independent. I bundled them into the
same cap because they really serve the
same mission  of like dealing with
same mission of like dealing with
non-existent G account balances. So I
thought like it makes sense to close
this gap all at once and not just for a
part of the site balances. But yeah, if
we figure out that something is much
harder to do or much easier to do, we
could build this up further. But given
how simple it is, I would hope we could
do both atomically.
,
so yeah, that's recaped. , I guess the
only one thing to say for now is that
we are still not sure which protocol
will this go into this get  through.
will this go into this get through.
, so
likely some of the caps will come a bit
later,
may come sooner. So just stay tuned for
that. And  yeah, please feel free to
that. And yeah, please feel free to
leave any feedback, suggestions in the C
discussion.
, thanks Ariel.